School: Rose Valley Academy (RVA)A PRE-PRIMARY TO SENIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL
CLASS NURSERY TO CLASS X: ENGLISH MEDIUM
CLASS XI & CLASS XII: ASSAMESE & ENGLISH MEDIUM ( ARTS )

A SMALL SCHOOL FOR A BIG CHANGE WITH ENDLESS POSSIBILITIES

Established: 2008
Address: KEKURI BONGALI GAON, P.O.: BAMUNBARI, P.I.N.: 786613, DIST.: DIBRUGARH, ASSAM
Contacts: 8011976286, 9435904455
Email: mdrvacademy@gmail.com
Affiliations: ASSEB Div-I & Div-II
Principal: Bhargav Chetia (M.Sc. Phy, M.A. Edu, B.Ed)
Managing Director: Gulap Chetia
Dean: Gaurab Gogoi
Deputy Dean: Shikhyadeep Phulkonwar
Admin. Coordinator: Jharna Baruah

Rose Valley Academy is affiliated to:ASSEB Div-I( School code: 09H1017 )formerly SEBA and ASSEB Div-II( School code: 115596 )formerly AHSEC. RVA UDISE no. 18150312207. 


Rose Valley Academy demands from valleites: 
•	Regular attendance in the classes, at least 85% of total class days.
•	Wearing proper uniform is mandatory.
•	No stylish hair-cuts are allowed.  
•	Ear studs are totally banned for boys. 
•	No electrical gadgets such as mobiles, music players, cameras are allowed.
•	Any indiscipline inside the school campus will not be tolerated.
Rose Valley Academy demands from guardians:
•	Students must be provided with the required apparatus like pen, pencil etc.
•	No polythene wrapped food items will be allowed to bring as tiffin.
•	Kindly do not buy any chips/kurkure/cake etc. plastic packeted food items for your child.
•	Don’t enter inside the campus without taking prior permission from the school authority.
•	Any problem faced by the students should be brought to the notice of  the Principal.

ASSEMBLY PRAYERS:
DEAR LORD
Dear Lord, I thank you for all good things you have given me. Help me to be always good and truthful. Bless my parents, teachers and friends. Bless my motherland with peace and prosperity. Protect and defend us from all evils. Amen
OUR FATHER IN HEAVEN
Our Father, in heaven, hallowed be your name; your kingdom come; you will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us today our daily bread; and forgive us our sins as we forgive those who sins against us; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.

PLEDGE
India is my country and all Indians are my brothers and sisters. I love my country and I am proud of its rich and varied heritage. I shall always strive to be worthy of it. I shall give respect to my parents, teachers and elders and treat everyone with courtesy. To my country and my people, I pledge my devotion. In their well-being and prosperity alone, lies my happiness. Jai Hind!

NATIONAL ANTHEM 
जन-गण-मन अधिनायक जय हे,
भारत भाग्य विधाता !
पंजाब-सिन्ध-गुजरात-मराठा,
द्रविड़-उत्कल-बङ्ग
विंध्य हिमाचल यमुना गंगा, 
उच्छल जलधि तरंग
तब शुभ नामे जागे,
तब शुभ आशिष माँगे
गाहे तब जय गाथा।
जन-गण-मंगलदायक जय हे,
भारत भाग्य विधाता !
जय हे! जय हे! जय हे !
जय जय जय जय हे !

SCHOOL ANTHEM
We are Rose Valley’s children
Marching with pride.
To make our future bright.
With the blessings of Almighty
We the Valleites are climbing higher
With the guidance of our teachers
We the Valleites are sprinting faster
With the aegis of caretaker
We the Valleites are growing stronger
Holding heads high,
Bending over backwards,
Jumping through hoops,
We give our words,				
To reach our goals 
And go an extra mile 
Go an extra mile
An extra mile.

STATE SONG
অ’ মোৰ আপোনাৰ দেশ	
অ’ মোৰ চিকুণী দেশ
এনেখন সুৱলা, এনেখন সুফলা
এনেখন মৰমৰ দেশ ।
অ’ মোৰ সুৰীয়া মাত
অসমৰ সুৱদি মাত	
পৃথিৱীৰ ক’তো বিচাৰি জনমটো
নোপোৱা কৰিলেও পাত ।
অ’ মোৰ ওপজা ঠাই
অ’ মোৰ অসমী আই
চাই লওঁ তোমাৰ মুখনি এবাৰ
হেঁপাহ মোৰ পলোৱা নাই ।

Rose Valley Academy SCHOLARSHIPS: 

A.Director’s Scholarship :
This is an award provided to the student/s who break the previous record and score a new bench mark of maximum marks in the HSLC Exam.
The institute provides the meritorious students a sum of Rs. 10,000/-

B.Principal’s Scholarship :
(General Science)
This award is dedicated to our former Principal, Brojendra Prasad Borthakur. It is provided to the student/s who scores 100 out of 100 marks in General Science subject in the HSLC Exam.
The institute provides the meritorious students a sum of Rs. 5,000/-
(English)
This award is dedicated to our former Principal, Alem Ao. It is provided to the student/s who scores 100 out of 100 marks in English subject in the HSLC or HSSLC Exam.
The institute provides the meritorious students a sum of Rs. 5,000/-

C.Dean’s Scholarship :
This award is provided to the student/s who scores 100 out of 100 marks in MIL subject in the HSLC or HSSLC Exam.
The institute provides the meritorious students a sum of Rs. 5,000/-

D.Class Topper’s Scholarship :
1.Topper of Class VII Annual Exam :		
Scholarship	:No monthly tuition fee in Class VIII.
2.Topper of Class VIII Annual Exam :		
Scholarship	:No monthly tuition fee in Class IX.
3.Topper of Class IX Annual Exam :		
Scholarship	:No monthly tuition fee in Class X.
4.Topper of Class X Annual Exam :		
Scholarship	:No monthly tuition fee in Class XI.

E.State Topper’s Scholarship :
This award is provided to student/s who holds a state rank in the Board Exams of tenth and twelfth grade.
The institute provides the meritorious students a sum of Rs. 50,000/-

FEE STRUCTURE FOR THE ACADEMIC SESSION 2026-27  : 
FRESH / NEW ADMISSION:			
Class Nursery to Class XI	: Rs. 5,000/- 
					( Rupees Five Thousand Only. )

RE - ADMISSION:
Class Nursery to Class XII	: Rs. 3,000/- 
					( Rupees Three Thousand Only.	)		
Monthly tuition fee		: Rs. 500/- (for Class Nursery to Class XII)

PRICE LIST OF ACCESSORIES :
T-SHIRT 		: Rs. 300/- onwards     	              
NECK TIE 		: Rs. 70/- onwards	                
BELT			: Rs. 100/- onwards
HOODIE 		: Rs. 380/- onwards
TRACK PANT	: 300/- onwards

UNIFORM:
MONDAY, TUESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY:
UPPER: WHITE SHIRT
LOWER: BURGUNDY SKIRT/PANT
SHOES - BLACK
SOCKS - WHITE
HAIRBAND/RIBBON – RED
HOODIE – BURGUNDY

WEDNESDAY,
SATURDAY:
UPPER: HOUSE T-SHIRT
LOWER: HOUSE TRACK PANTS
SHOES - BLACK
SOCKS - WHITE
HAIRBAND/RIBBON – YELLOW
HOODIE – BURGUNDY

Proof of domination in the education sphere for a decade:
Result of HSLC or HSSLC exams
ACADEMIC YEAR	BOARD OF CLASS	PASS PERCENTAGE
2014	10	100%
2015	10	100%
2016	10	100%
2017	10	100%
2018	10	100%
2019	10	100%
2020	10	100%
2021	10	100%
2022	10	100%
2023	10	100%
2024	10*, 12	100%
2025	10, 12	100%
* one student appeared HSLC exam in the next academic year.

Administrative Coordinator’s Message:
 I am very pleased to inform you that our Academy is one of the best institute in the domain in every aspects of education. We demand to be the best institute because our students received award from honorable Governor of Assam, got 13th rank in state level talent search examinations, winner of state level dance competitions, 3rd rank in state level music competitions, district toppers in drawing competitions, international medalist in martial arts and may more. I would also like to say that our students have achieved national and world records in Art and Crafts. 
Our students have often scored the highest marks in the HSLC examination among the schools of Bamunbari Centre. Among  which  89.5% (2024), 91.33% (2018), 91.5% (2021), 92.33%(2022), 92.66% (2022), 94.33% (2021), 94.50%(2022),  96.17%(2021)  are worth mentioning results.
Two batches  of Senior Secondary appeared in the board exams (2024, 2025) and all the students had passed the exam with flying colours making a significantly better performance in comparison to their HSLC result.
Jharna Baruah
Administrative Coordinator, RVA

Deputy Dean’s Message:
Our primary aim is to meet the needs of the students enrolled to our institution. We look to provide a clear vision to our Valleites to achieve their goals in the future. Our regular and committed class routine with optimum utilization of time is the pillar of strength.  We, the faculty of the academy teach the students not just with our minds but also hearts. We facilitate the students in moving ahead, thinking independent and most important is we help them to imbibe moral human values resulting in excellent citizens of the country. I warmly greet the parents and learners to be associated with the academy’s venture with full confidence and have faith in the wonderful journey.
Shikhyadeep Phulkonwar
Deputy Dean, RVA

 Dean’s Message: 
Welcome to the family of Rose Valley Academy.
Our motto is to make the Valleites learn faster, grow stronger and reach higher.
We build the citizens of tomorrow by providing all-round education to achieve their potential in every aspect of their lives.
Most importantly, at our school, we have a team of dedicated teachers and staff, committed to the welfare of the children in our care. For us teaching is a passion and calling. The importance of instilling good values in our students is our prime objective. So, we try to hone the talents of our children in a manner that they reach up to their optimum potential. In the process they acquire skills necessary to build as well as re-rounded a personality as possible. We are fortunate to enlist a team of passionate teachers who nurture our students on this path.
Gaurab Gogoi
Dean, RVA

Managing Director’s Message:
I welcome you to the world of education. Quality education holds great value these days. The world grows more competitive each year. Jobs demand skills that stand out. Schools must equip young minds for this challenge. Our main goal is to ready students. We help them step into life with full confidence. They learn to tackle problems head-on.
We offer education aimed at clear goals. Each step builds toward success. Teachers watch closely for growth. They spot strengths and weak spots early. Regular checks keep everyone on track. We use ongoing reviews to measure progress. This means tests, projects, and daily tasks. No single exam decides a student's path. Instead, we look at the full picture. Continuous evaluation catches issues fast. Comprehensive means we cover skills, knowledge, and habits.
Parents often ask how we ensure real learning. We blend book knowledge with hands-on work. Theory gives the facts. Practice makes them stick. For math, students solve problems on paper first. Then they apply it to build models or budgets. In science, lessons start with readings. Next come lab experiments or outdoor observations. This mix sparks interest. Students see why topics matter in daily life.
We nurture hidden talents too. Art classes encourage drawing and music. Sports build teamwork and fitness. Every child gets a chance to shine. Our team works hard to draw out the best. With care and support, students rise to their potential. They leave ready to chase dreams. Education here shapes futures that last.
Our institution also focuses on the physical and cultural development of the child, and accordingly we organize the “ valleites’ school week ” and “swagatam nababarkha” along with other programs like Independence Day, Republic Day, Teacher’s Day, Children’s Day etc.
Gulap Chetia
Managing Director, RVA

Message from Principal’s desk:	
Welcome to the Phrontistery of Knowledge and Harmony.
I am happy that you are applying for admission in our institute and would like to thank you for trusting us and for giving a golden opportunity to be a part in building the career of your child.
We believe, there is never any point in life of a person when we can sit back and say that we had learnt enough. In the words of Carl Sagan, “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known”. 
Education is not just about the subjects that are learnt and taught in school. Becoming educated is not restricted to being in school and then in college, gathering certificates. It is a life-long exercise that can be unbelievably exciting if only we wish to jump onto the train of experience and take a trip to every conceivable place on the earth. So, we are here to encourage children to ask as many questions as they can arise and learn as much as possible.
On behalf of my enthusiastic team, I can assure and give words that your child will get the real world skills which will help them to succeed in today’s exceedingly competitive and challenging world.
Our school was established in the year 2008, and we started with only 52 students with all required infrastructural facilities. Now we are proud to announce that in the academic session 2025-26 we have 750+ students’ strength and 40+ staff. And also would like to let you know that from the academic session 2022-23 we have started the Senior Secondary class of the Arts Stream.
Bhargav Chetia
Principal, RVA
M.Sc. (Phy), M.A. (Edu ), B.Ed, TET qualified.


